Well, this is in here, a Lombard graduate from the 14th century, 13th century.
Look at that.
Fabulous binding.
That's really useful for instruction.
Kelm Scott Chaucer is on this truck.
You can pretty much write the presentation.
Paper or vellum?
Paper, in that case paper.
This was a presentation about the Civil War and anti-slavery, which will be cobbled together again to do another course on African American history tomorrow that I'm doing.
So you teach?
I do presentations.
I also teach in the English department.
I teach a graduate course on 19th and 20th century literature in its social context.
And do you use artifacts?
It's completely built around the collection.
So we deal with questions about... What's the name of the course?
It's called Text in Context.
materials and methods for the understanding of the historical and social context of 1920.
Is it a graduate course?
It's a graduate course, meant for people who are on the verge of doing their research.
And it's completely material-oriented.
Can you Xerox a course description of it from the catalog for me?
Sure, sure.
It's the kind of thing that'll get into my book.
Ah, okay.
There's a similar, it's not an unusual course.
No, but you teach it and I'm talking to you right now.
I don't have to go find somebody else who teaches it.
This is one of the advantages of this particular, moving on from that, from this particular design is that when I'm doing 19th century literature, it's possible for me to bring in 15, 20, 30 titles in triple-decker.
in three books, so that I can give one to each student in the class so that I can spend time... Do you admonish them about what you're about to allow them to hold?
There's a constant sort of...
dialogue about how to handle books, although the course starts off with how to handle books.
But they're researchers, and they need to learn how to do that.
Part of a graduate education is how to behave in an archive and how to do research as a literary historian or an historian or an anthropologist.
So you don't slap hands, so to speak.
No, no.
I usually will hand somebody, as is the rule for the reading room, those props are there because pages are instructed when they bring a book out
to set the book up in its appropriate fashion.
And they're taught to inform readers, you need to keep this on the cushion, you need to remove the side pocket when you get halfway past the middle of the book because of the way the cover works.
You always instruct them.
This needs to lie flat because of the way it's sewn.
Please don't prop it up.
And do you use gloves?
Do they use gloves here?
They use gloves here only if they're working with photographs or medieval manuscripts.
Okay.
few other vague items, or vague criteria for items, but otherwise no, just plain hands.
No, they're not admonished, they're being taught.
Students are actually much better with books than researchers, independent scholars who come in, because they're used to it, and it's just the stuff of their work.
This is still news to them.
graduate students in the undergrad.
And they still are in one day?
They're a little afraid of it.
Actually, your greatest concern is that they're being too delicate with the material and that they're likely to drop it.
And it's better that they just take a good book.
What would you say is the most, I hate to use the word valuable, but I've used the word anyway.
We spend so much of our time here avoiding the notion of treasure.
Okay.
But I suppose it would be, well.
Dearest.
What item would you,
be most concerned about having damage that you've brought into a class, shall we say?
Oh, heavens.
I won't even answer that question.
There is no damage to material.
The Gettysburg Address, but it's in a container that's sealed, so there's no way that... That's a handwritten... An autographed manuscript of the Gettysburg Address.
But I'll show you the 13th Amendment, which is also an autographed manuscript, is just framed.
So having a glass tarot, there's no way that... Wow.
38th Congress of the United States of America.
There's Lincoln's signature about a third of the way down.
Right.
Right about there.
Put your finger down on the glass.
Move over.
More to me.
There.
Oh, Abraham Lincoln.
And then the rest of these signatures are the House and Senate.
That's great.
Part of the anti-slavery collection.
How does that... Why is that not in the National Archives?
That has to do with the notion of law in the 19th century when they convert to a printed code being the law.
The actual signed document is no longer the law.
And as a result, it can be given away oftentimes as a gesture to someone who was heavily involved in making it happen.
And then it came on the market.
It was acquired for us by the Noyes family.
The Washington Star Noyes family?
The Nicholas Noyes.
Oh.
And there was a Noyes family that owned the Lillie?
The Noyes family that ultimately linked up with the Lillie family.
Okay.
In fact, descendants of Nicholas Noyes were just here last week, and he reminded us that his family married
the Lilly family, and I said, well, I'll have to call Lisa Brower then and tell her that I'll be happy to make arrangements for the return of all the noise material that said Lilly.
I guess the Gettysburg Address, but there are other materials here that are of equal significance.
The Audubon certainly is there.
There are certain literary manuscripts here that are of great importance.
The collection is full of it.
We really try and the Wordsworth Collection has one of the Bristol
copies, so that's one of four in existence.
There are certainly medieval manuscripts here that are worth a great deal of money, and some of which are significant in terms of illumination and scribal work, or even as initial texts.
So what you do is you develop a program where that doesn't happen, I guess.
This is Ezra Cornell's safe.
Look at that, huh?
And for many years it was used to house the Nobel Prizes that are in our collection.
What's this?
Corning?
Corning and Company.
Corning and Company, agent.
Corning... I'm not sure if this is the reference to what turns into Corning Glass, which is near Ithaca, Corning, New York.
Right.
Ezra... What was Ezra's...
And what did he do, Ezra Cornell?
Ezra Cornell, his fortune was built off of the telegraph of the machine union.
And he was also in the state government, which is where he met A.D.
White, which is how Cornell University was founded.